I'm on my second cup of coffee, which means it's time to talk about some books.
I actually filmed a haul last week
or the week before. I don't remember.
and then I obtained quite a bit more books, so I decided that it was a good reason to
refilm and talk about books that I got in the mail
that are awesome and to start off with, I got these two
books of awkward postcards from Quirk Books
and this one is Hugs and Misses: Thirty postcards of awkward romance.
This one is Stars and Swipes: 30 postcards of Awkward Americana
And this one has some funny stuff like on the front. It's basically all silhouette looking stuff
and some awesome backgrounds, but this one says
"Would you like to make out?" "Sherwood."
This one is the Americana one and the first one in there is "I'm the king of the New World!"
with the silhouette of George Washington
my favorite is this one. It says "Miss Susan B Anthony... the B stands for Badass."
Moving on to other books that I obtained this month
or the past couple of weeks or so...
I got Jackaby by William Ritter
and I started reading this as an ARC a while back
but my book club is reading this book
and so it was a good reason to actually buy a copy and support my local book store
and all that. but also this is kind of like Sherlock meets Doctor Who, supposedly.
There's like a little bit of Fantasy element to it, but like the main char-- not the main character
the narrator is kind of like his assistant, but the basically...
There's a guy who acts a lot like Benedict Cumberbatch's version of Sherlock.
I think this one is an indie thing... No it's from Scholastic.
This is When My Heart was Wicked by Tricia Stirling
and I just thought that this was a really cool cover
and basically it involves birds and trees.
Good to know.
This one is kinda swoony... It's from Swoon Reads.
And it is the Boy Next Door by Katie Van Ark
Yes, I know how to say things.
This one comes out in February, so I've quite a while to read this
but this looks adorable. it involves some ice skating stuff and
yes. That's adorable.
Every once in a while you've gotta pick up something a little heavier
and this one is called The Last Time we say Goodbye
and it's by Cynthia Hand
and I've heard good things about her other books
the Unearthly Trilogy, so she's done some stuff that is good
so I look forward to reading this
and I book that didn't expect to be at book club but OMG this is awesome
Love and Other Theories by Alexis Bass
and I've heard good things about this
it's ... new boy in town kind of stuff
main character doesn't want to fall in love
and so you know that always works out well, right?
I don't think I've shown this in a book haul or anything like that
but this is Jane Austen Cover to Cover by Margaret C Sullivan
and it's basically curating all of her covers
I received this from Quirk books... It's huge, it's gigantic
It's all the covers and stuff -- uh oh my gosh I'm feel like I'm gonna break this
It's got all sorts of oh yeah... that's-- that's classy
oh i want some of these special ones
but oh goodnes.
oh goodness.
a couple of weeks a go I went to a book signing that
involved Stephanie Perkins, David Levithan and Jennifer E Smith
and Jennifer E Smith doesn't have a story in here
but this is My True Love Gave to Me which was editied by Stephanie Perkins
and she has a story in there and there's a bunch of other
people that you might recognize like Holly Black,
Ally Carter,Matt De La Pena, Gayle Forman, Jenny Han, David Levithan, Kelly Link,
Myra MCEntire, Stephanie Perkins, Rainbow Rowell, Lainey Taylor, and Kiersten White
Most of these people write in the real world sometimes
sometimes. but some of these do more like Fantasyish or Paranormal
or other types of stuff, so it's nice that it's ... you know...
I look forward to reading this.
That's how you do it, folks!
When you can't think of anything to say, just say, "I look forward to reading this."
I got this hunkin' beast... this is In the Afterlight by Alexandra Bracken
and this is the third and final book in the Darkest Minds trilogy.
I feel like I keep picking up big books... Right now I'm reading
Brazen by Katherine Longshore which is a Historical Fiction,
and it's ... it's pretty -- it's about the same size as this.
And then in the mail from Disney, I got Rogue Wave
by Jennifer Donnelly and this is the second book after Deep Blue
by the same author.
and basically, it's about mermaids from different parts of the world
and they get together and fight a big evil.
That was quite a bit of books, but I think we got into in a record time.
Tell me if you're excited about any of these books or if you have gotten some book recently
that you're super excited... Let me know about it so you can share the love in the comments
and people can recommendation yes.
So that's all folks. Have a great day and keep reading.